For years, UX professionals at Bose Corporation have been designing simple to use and compelling product experiences ranging from headsets to home theater systems. Focusing on details, the team is passionate about making every engagement faster, simpler, and clearer for our customers so they can focus on what really matters- their music. Our work includes mobile applications, desktop applications, screen-based remote controls, on-screen TV UI’s, and both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth ecosystem designs.

The User-Centered Design group at Bose is looking for world-class interaction designers to help us create our next generation of easy to use, elegant, high-performing personal and home entertainment products. Your job will be to create desirable and practical design solutions through a process of user research, user modeling, concept synthesis, and detail refinement. Aside from working side by side with friendly, energetic design professionals, you will work closely with engineering, program management, marketing, and user research to ensure a superior user experience.
We are looking for professionals with experience developing designs for integrated systems including hardware, software, and mobile applications. Designers who believe that human goals and desires should be the driving force behind technological and design innovation, but who can at the same time work pragmatically within real-world constraints and solve complex interface problems.

What we offer
Vibrant UX team culture with diverse capabilities but a singular focus on creating great experiences for our customers
Competitive compensation, including both a 401k and pension plan
Generous benefits including medical, dental, & vision
Resources to expand your skills and advance your education
A team and company invested in your growth and committed to your success
Who you are:

Strategic: You think about the individual design requirements and implementation, but can also easily step back to see the broader impact of a design and the relationship of that design to the strategic direction of the company.

Leadership: You can effectively lead others toward a clear experience vision, articulating the value of user-centered design, and the value of the end product to the business and to our customers.

Collaborative: You enjoy engaging with multiple team members and value diverse perspectives. You are open to feedback and recognize the necessity of working together to get a product out the door.

Analytical: You’re trained to deliver thoughtful and complete user needs analysis, with clearly prioritized and defined user workflows to inform architectural requirements. You don’t just solve the problems identified by others; you highlight the problems others don’t notice.

Productive: You are driven to get things done. You recognize opportunities to work smarter, drive improvement activities, and organize, plan, and deliver high quality, thoughtful designs for implementation.

Organization: As the team balances on-going and emerging work requests, you are capable of multi-tasking and prioritizing your own work, as well as helping junior designers do the same.

Chops: You have excellent visual, verbal, written communication and presentation skills as well as a solid portfolio of past work.

Talent: You have an insatiable interest in learning about where design is going and incorporating that learning into your own work.

Capability: You are proficient with drawing/image manipulation tools such as Sketch, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Keynote, as well as wireframing tools such as Axure or Balsamiq.
You have a bachelor’s degree in human factors engineering, User Interface/Interaction Design, HCI, Behavior Sciences or a related field, with a minimum of 8 years of related work experience.