Purpose
Our design team plays a huge part on how millions get stuff done.  As a product designer on our tight-knit team, you will be immersed in every aspect of the development process and own projects end to end -- from brainstorming to launch. We strongly feel that empowering designers to really own their projects creates the best outcomes and the most seamless experiences.
 
Why the team needs you 
Product Design is part of our company DNA -- in fact, Aaron Levie, our CEO, sits alongside our tight-knit team.  In order to compete in a rapidly changing market, we are doubling down our investment in our design team.  We have lofty goals, and need product designers who can help us execute. We are looking for someone who has a keen eye for detail and interest in solving difficult problems. 
 
Why you need Box 
Box is growing fast. Real fast. Every business in the world is looking to modernize the way that they work. As the leader in cloud content management, Box is the only company that can help enterprises transform how people work together. 
 
We're a small, but mighty team and the things that you will make an impact on the future of Box. You'll be able to stretch yourself, and learn and lean on others as you hone in our your craft. 
 
Who you are 
You take pride in designing visualizations that empower people. You are a full-stack designer - you work across systems, interactions, visual execution, and interactive prototyping. 
 
Here's the fine print: 
 
Responsibilities
Wireframe, prototype, and create hi-fidelity designs.
Craft beautiful and elegant solutions. 
Collaborate across teams with Engineering and Product 
Requirements 
2+ years of relevant design experience across multiple platforms. 
Strong business acumen and ability to work with product strategy.
Ability to clearly communicate design rationale and conceptual ideas.
Experience using data to inform design and product decisions.
Proficiency with Creative Suite, Sketch, and prototyping tools. 
A portfolio of top-notch product work that demonstrates strong design and typographic skills.