Product Designer
San Francisco, CA
Company Description
Dropbox supports hundreds of millions of creators and innovators around the world. Our mission is to simplify the way people work together. Dropbox Business is trusted by over 200,000 companies to safeguard their most important information. As we continue to build the best place to create, share, and work with others, there’s a perfect spot for you to grow with us.

Team Description
Our Research and Design team crafts delightful experiences that make people's lives easier. We're a close-knit, collaborative group, guided by a highly iterative user-centered design process. Combining research, data, and thoughtful critique, we're discovering needs and solving fundamental problems that impact work and life for millions of people around the world.

Role Description
We're seeking a driven Product Designer to refine Dropbox’s simplicity and apply it to new, amazing, and appealing user experiences. Dropbox has a bunch of projects in the pipeline, and we have an ongoing cycle of revamping our entire experience across web, client, and mobile. There are countless UX challenges and tons of pixels for you to push. We feel like we're in a unique position to change the way people interact with their digital stuff. You'll be at the forefront of our efforts and be directly responsible for decisions that form the product. You’ll use your full range of skills from product design, interaction design, and visual design to build magical experiences. Dropbox's San Francisco office is filled with all the tools you need, and we're looking for you to join an awesome and delightful team.

Responsibilities
You're actively involved in defining product strategy.

Thinking in terms of design systems and making rational design decisions.

You obsess over details and are excited to polish until your work is pixel-perfect.

Constantly pushing your limits and searching for opportunities to become better.

Your team collaboration skills are unparalleled.

You thrive in an environment with short feedback loops.

Requirements
You're an experience whisperer, and you can distill complicated problems into simple and elegant solutions.

An understanding of what makes an experience good or bad is critical. 

You can think through user problems, find reasonable solutions, mock them up in detail, and work with engineers to build them.

We love making things beautiful and hope you feel the same. You have a deep understanding of composition, balance, symmetry, and white space.

You have a highly refined aesthetic sense and can both work within and expand the Dropbox style.

You're a self-starter who actively seeks ways to make the Dropbox experience both visually appealing and easy to use.

You look for opportunities to solve problems in unusual and innovative ways.

You understand the technical limitations and liberties behind your decisions and have enough chops to communicate your ideas to our engineers.

Experience designing for the web and understanding how to apply both form and function within it while maintaining simplicity.

You construct your own iconography, set your own guidelines, and build easy-to-navigate documents.

You read everything and will paste an html heart character before your first name on the next page.

You want to work on a team of the world's best software designers and engineers, building a product that you use every single day!

Bachelor's Degree or equivalent practical work experience in Design 

Benefits and Perks
Free Dropbox space for your friends and family
Market competitive total compensation package
100% company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage
401K + company match
Wellness Reimbursement
Generous vacation policy
10 company paid holidays
Volunteer time off 
Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics) 
Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland).