Company Description
Dropbox supports hundreds of millions of creators and innovators around the world. Our mission is to simplify the way people work together. Dropbox Business is trusted by over 200,000 companies to safeguard their most important information. As we continue to build the best place to create, share, and work with others, there’s a perfect spot for you to grow with us.

Team Description
New graduates and interns at Dropbox work alongside industry leaders, architecting the growing family of products that handle over a billion files a day for people and businesses around the world. From day one, you’ll have the responsibility and the support you need to make a difference on a massive scale.

Role Description
If you've been following Dropbox for a while, you know that we like to keep things simple. The Design team here at Dropbox has a bunch of projects in the pipeline and we're looking for awesome designers to help refine Dropbox’s simplicity and craft the way users interact, feel and love all our products. We have an ongoing cycle of revamping our entire experience across web, client, and mobile. Dropbox's San Francisco office is filled with all the tools you need, including an awesome and like-minded team.

Did you just graduate and are looking for your first full time gig? Are you excited about being surrounded and supported by strong mentors that’ll help you hone your craft? Perfect! The design team is looking to add a few fresh faces to the ranks and if you’re really pumped about design, technology and especially Dropbox, we hope you’ll apply. We’re looking at a lot of new problems that we’d love your help in solving. 

Please provide us with a personal email address rather than a school email address so that Dropbox can communicate effectively with you.

Responsibilities 
You solve for simple. You employ a systematic process for finding -- and resolving -- hidden complexities and edge cases. 

Produce work that encompasses the distinctive look and feel of Dropbox’s products, communications, and identity.

Think in terms of design systems and make rational design decisions.

You're actively involved in defining new product’s identities.

Work closely with other designers defining product strategy. 

Collaborating with cross-functional teams such as engineering and product management.

Work with the team to ship design across various products

To improve yourself and the design team at large, you participate in team/company initiatives: design critiques, collaboration sessions. 

Able to effectively communicate technical ideas to non-technical (and technical) people

Requirements

Completed Bachelor’s or Graduate Degree (December, 2017 - August, 2018)

Interested in either interaction, visual or illustration design for products. 

Able to work in a variety of media (print, web, mobile), design for a variety of projects (apps, visual interfaces, marketing and communications)

Polishing and refining your work is important to you, you obsess over details and your work is pixel-perfect.

Whatever your tools of choice, you wield them with deft and speed

Benefits and Perks
100% company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage
401k + company match
Market competitive total compensation package
Free Dropbox space for your friends and family
Wellness Reimbursement
Generous vacation policy
10 company paid holidays
Volunteer time off 
Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)