We free you to do the best work of your life.
What is it like to work at frog? The diversity of people and projects varies tremendously. We are both thinkers and doers. Collaboration is ingrained in our culture as well as our method. We come from a multitude of backgrounds and our expertise bridges disciplines and spans industries, including automotive, medical, consumer, retail, software, technology, finance, and many others. Our extraordinary collection of talent—analytical and artistic, conservative and unconventional, technical and whimsical—makes working at frog a truly unique experience. With such diversity in our ranks, we are able to orchestrate and customize each client engagement to ensure a positive balance between emotional experiences for consumers and economic benefits for clients.
What does it mean to work at frog? It means working alongside the best talent in the world, including at least a few that are smarter than you. It means facing new challenges and often being asked to work outside your comfort zone. We take on the complex challenges, the big asks, and the 'never been done befores' of the world. We love what we make!
The Position: Interaction Designer
Interaction Designers lead product research, strategy, information architecture development, and interaction design to create products that bring a smile to the lips and a flutter to the heart.  Regardless of whether it’s a corporate Website, software application, or consumer electronics device. Interaction Designers are able to discover, understand, and communicate the business requirements of our clients, the emotional desires of their customers, and the context in which these two come together.

The Contribution:  
Plan, prioritize, coordinate, and conduct user requirements analysis, task analysis, conceptual modeling, information architecture design, interaction design, and usability testing.
Design and specify user interfaces and information architecture using participatory and iterative design techniques, including observational studies, customer interviews, usability testing, and other forms of requirements discovery.
Produce user requirements specifications, personas, storyboards, scenarios, flowcharts, design prototypes, and design specifications.
Effectively communicate research findings, conceptual ideas, detailed design, and design rationale both verbally and visually.
Manage the design process, drive decisions, track issues, and assist in estimating resource needs and schedules.
Work closely with development teams to ensure that design specifications are implemented.
Participate as a contributor to an interdisciplinary team that includes other designers, project management, business and brand strategists, and hardware and software developers.
You Are:  
Someone who wants to influence your own development. You’re looking for a company where you have the opportunity to pursue your interests across functions and geographies, and where a job title is not considered the final definition of who you are, but the starting point. You bring to the organization the following competencies;
1 - 5 years of user interface design experience.
Strong knowledge of user interface design processes and methodology, particularly as applied to Web-based applications and consumer electronics.
Strong project and people management skills. Must be able to function as a project leader as well as an individual contributor.
Proficiency with design and prototyping tools such as AdobeCC, Sketch, InVision, Pixate, and Framer.
Knowledge of capabilities and limitations of Web technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, Flash, and CSS. 
Excellent communication and organization skills.
Masters degree in Human-Computer Interaction or a related design or behavioral science discipline.
A passion for creating products that resonate emotionally with people.