In a nutshell:
IDEO San Francisco is in search of an Interaction Designer who will integrate digital designs into spaces, brands, services and products, and tackle all aspects of the design process -- from user research to physical and digital prototyping to telling a project story to the client.

Why is this role important for IDEO’s work?
At IDEO we create impact through design. Our goal is to create work that resonates as desirable, feasible, and viable. Interaction Designers sit right in that sweet spot – caring about what people need, and making beautiful, engaging experiences for them.

Once here you will:
Work on a projects that solve problems across a variety of industries.
Collaborate with designers with different backgrounds such as industrial designers, engineers, design researchers and other interaction designers to develop a holistic design for our clients.
Create looks like/works like prototypes that help tell a project’s story.
Be an advocate of exceptional design.
Design for web, mobile and embedded technology with the end user in mind.
What does IDEO offer you?
IDEO is a place unlike any other. It’s a place where you can solve diverse, complex challenges for our clients or the organization, alongside thoughtful, intelligent individuals who lead with curiosity, empathy, and optimism. Sure we work hard, but we also intentionally craft moments that allow our community to pause, create, and connect. We encourage our community to bring their whole selves to work, respect the need for work-life balance, and allow for autonomy in the design process and your career.

Some previous projects to check out:
My Ford Touch: Designed “signature interface elements” for all Ford vehicles that connect drivers with both onboard technologies and their personal digital devices.
PNC Wealth Insight: Conducted deep field research with wealth managers and utilized real client data to design clear and concise visualizations that give investors the right level of insight.
Food Genius: Tapped into big data with our first startup-in-residence to design Food Genius Reports, a consumer and food industry trends dashboard.
State Farm NextDoor: Integrated digital touchpoints that foster person-to-person interaction within a new service offering that includes new communications, tools, roles, and space.
Relevant experience:
3-5 years interaction/graphic design experience across a variety of digital media.
Bachelor’s degree in Graphic Design, New Media or an equivalent degree.
You can distinguish between “good” and “great” work. You have professional experience in user interface design, time-based media, strong information visualization skills, and prototyping skills. You are comfortable with generating graphic representations that express causal relationships between data in a creative and rich visual language.
You understand basic Human Centered Design philosophy, are comfortable with ambiguity and want to push design methodologies.
You understand that experimentation leads to earlier success, and that prototyping can be done at various levels of fidelity. You have experience doing and leading that work. Your first inclination is to build a prototype.
You’re agile; you can nurture a cohesive product vision and finesse visual designs at a vector or pixel level, if necessary.
You utilize the core principles of visual design in all you do—grid, hierarchy, typography, color, etc.
You are fluent in Sketch; Illustrator; Photoshop; and on-screen prototyping tools. You can demonstrate professional skill in Concept Model Design, UI development for functionality, visual UI development and information architecture.
You are familiar with front end web markup and scripting, including HTML, CSS, and Javascript