iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia’s digital radio platform, is the fastest growing digital audio service in the U.S. and offers users thousands of live radio stations, personalized custom artist stations created by just one song or seed artist and the top podcasts and personalities. With over a billion downloads, iHeartRadio reached 100 million registered users faster than any other radio or digital music service.

iHeartMedia’s platforms include radio broadcasting, online, mobile, digital and social media, podcasts, personalities and influencers, live concerts and events, syndication, music research services and independent media representation.

iHeartRadio's Product Designer will serve as the creative influence behind the development of digital products. The Product Designer will work closely with Product Managers, Developers and other Product Designers on developing new features, updating existing UI for consistency and constantly be up-to-date on platform-specific best practices. The Product Designer will also be responsible for delivering wireframes, user flows, user testing, low-fidelity designs, high-fidelity designs, specs, assets.

Responsibilities:

Routinely handles product design projects including user testing, wireframes, user flows, prototypes, animations, high-fidelity designs, specs and asset delivery.
Uses data gathered from user testing and the Analytics team to produce compelling, data-driven concepts and user flows.
Works closely with Product Managers, Developers and the rest of the Design Team to deliver exceptional product enhancements with the user in mind, ensure optimal technical implementation and meet scheduled deadlines.
Uses After Effects, InVision or other tool to produce prototypes and/or animations for the purpose of clearly communicating transitions and functionality to developers as well as a presentation tool for getting stakeholder approvals.
Sets up and/or updates existing Photoshop and Sketch files for marketing team and exports graphics for use on web, print or in video.
Required Skills:

1+ year experience in product design
Outstanding product design skills including user interface design, typography, usability standards and patterns
Knowledge of responsive web design (mobile-first approach)
Working knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud; proficient in Sketch, InVision or other prototyping tools, Photoshop, Illustrator and After Effects
Proficient in digital content including websites and mobile/tablet applications, video, etc.
Online portfolio exhibiting a mix of digital work, including (but not limited to): web sites/responsive design, mobile apps etc.
Strong illustration and animation skills a plus
iHeartMedia is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status.