JOOR (jooraccess.com) is a VC-backed startup revolutionizing wholesale buying. Founded in late 2010, JOOR is the largest company of its kind and is growing fast, working with 1,000 brands and 100,000 retailers worldwide. JOOR will process $6BN in transaction volume in 2015 - but we are a lean organization with 45 employees in Midtown Manhattan. By joining JOOR, you’ll have the opportunity to shape the team and change the way the wholesale industry does business. 

What are we looking for? 
We’re looking for a fearless, focused UX/UI Designer to join our team. You will be responsible for ensuring the user experience on the JOOR web and mobile applications is streamlined, beautiful, and easy to use. You'll focus on reimagining our current platform, designing great new features, and working directly with product and engineering to advise on design best practices. The JOOR platform serves as the backbone of our users’ businesses and we do not take this responsibility 
lightly. 

Who are you? 
You’re passionate about great design. 
You have designed web and/or mobile applications in the past, and have a great portfolio to show for it. 
You think outside the box – you can reimagine products over and over again, and you always have a Plan B. 
You don’t shy away from large redesigns. 
You research and understand UX trends, tools, and best practices. 
You understand the technical limitations of front-end and back-end engineering. 
You over-communicate and ask questions. 
You review, iterate, review, iterate – you don’t wait to review a finished design. 
You design with scalability in mind. 
You’re comfortable working independently. 
You’re intensely organized and focused. 
You can prioritize your workload. 
You work well with others and are emotionally intelligent. 
You respond to feedback exceptionally well. 
You have a great attitude. 
You know how to get things done. 

Skills 
Portfolio must be provided for consideration 
1-3 years experience in interaction design, user experience and visual design 
Experience designing iOS or web products, technologies, and/or platforms 
Experience in a fast-paced startup environment 
Experience creating CSS/HTML annotations and documentation for front-end developers 
Experience using JIRA is a plus