Lyft is seeking a designer who will push boundaries, influence strategy, and make a strong impact on product execution and quality. 

We’re intent on raising the bar with smart, delightful solutions that lock-in on user needs and tightly align with company priorities.

We also want teammates that are passionate about technology, community, and finding better ways to bring people together.

As a qualified candidate, you have both an incredible eye for detail and an ability to think big, break new ground, and innovate. 

You have experience designing for mobile (native apps and mobile web), desktop web, and email, and you have the technical chops to build prototypes that demonstrate the finer details in transitions, animations, and complex interactions.

You’re also an excellent communicator and a flexible team player that can thrive in a very fast-paced, dynamic working environment. 

You are comfortable working closely with passionate designers, product managers, and engineers that care deeply about creating beautiful, high-impact experiences.

Responsibilities

Push the boundaries of UX/UI/visual execution and try new ideas. Be able to think “Blue Sky” and explore divergent concepts, then converge on feasible, innovative designs

Influence product specifications and execute design work with a high level of polish. Ability to generate comprehensive information architecture, wireframes, high-fidelity mockups, and interactive prototypes for iOS, Android, web, and email

Validate and substantiate your work, and be an advocate for user-centered design

Know how to present your work effectively, and articulately communicate design rationale to stakeholders

Experience And Skills

3+ years of applied UX/UI design experience

Background in product design (UX/UI), with a focus on mobile

Ability to think big and understand complex feature sets

Ability to design for any platform (iOS, Android, mobile web, etc.)

Strong information design skills with a solid foundation in UX design heuristics

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Excellent graphic design skills (layout, typography, color)

Mastery of design tools: Sketch, Illustrator, Photoshop

Mastery of prototyping tools: Framer, Pixate, Origami, HTML/CSS/JS, After Effects, Swift

Ability to generate pixel-perfect production assets

Superb attention to detail

Ability to work well on an ego-free, highly collaborative, and cross-functional team

Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic startup environment
