A World-Changing Company

At Palantir, we’re passionate about building software that solves problems. We partner with the most important institutions in the world to transform how they use data and technology. Our software has been used to stop terrorist attacks, discover new medicines, gain an edge in global financial markets, and more. If these types of projects excite you, we'd love for you to join us.



The Design Team
The Palantir Design Team is responsible for creating the human experience of using our software, as well as the execution of our brand. We design everything from user interfaces, to immersive experiences in our buildings and events, all the way down to awesome illustrated t-shirts we’re famous for.

We help to achieve connection and understanding. Our users must create knowledge from data in our software, potential customers and candidates need to understand and relate to the story of our company and the awesome work we do, and it’s our job to help tell these stories.

Designers are highly valued in the company for our vision, our ability to learn and adapt, and our creativity and inventiveness. We’re growing rapidly, yet focused on creating a tight-knit group of people that enjoy working together in an atmosphere that fosters trust, integrity, empathy, and growth. We rigorously share and promote our ideas and constantly incorporate feedback and critique.



The Role
As a Product Designer, you are a generalist who spans many design disciplines: user research, information architecture, prototyping, ideation, interaction design, and sometimes visual design. You will visit our users, listen, investigate, learn, and ideate. You know that form informs function and usability—that the surface layer doesn’t exist in a vacuum.

Sometimes we’re out in front, exploring brand-new problem spaces, figuring out what to build, and sometimes you’re deep in the details of micro-interactions, figuring out how to build it. You lead feature teams in design exercises ranging from day-long design studios to week-long design sprints.
In this role, you will:

Prototype with paper and Sharpies, JavaScript, After Effects, and Keynote.
Work with Visual Designers, User Researchers, and Product Engineers to refine and evolve the quality of all Palantir software.
What We Value

Excellent communication skills. You have the ability to build great relationships, and convey and debate design rationale. You are the person that people can’t wait to collaborate with.
Empathy, not ego. You strive to understand users and fight to empower them.
A profound love of engineers. Palantir is an engineering company, and we get to work with some of the best in the world. Engineers realize our vision—and we realize theirs—and together we create software that our users love.
A highly iterative design process. You move fast, listen, and adapt. You rapidly incorporate feedback, and prioritize collaboration. You are adept at giving and receiving critiques.
A mastery of tools. You move with ease across software and fidelity, depending on the task at hand. Sketch.app, hand-coding, Photoshop, Illustrator, or Keynote—and good old-fashioned pencil and paper.