Designer UI/UX
at Shutterstock (View all jobs)
Montreal, Canada
The Opportunity: 

The Shutterstock User Experience Design team is responsible for designing all of the customer experiences for the company. We believe in a thoughtful approach to user experience and crisp execution on the UI. That means quantitative, qualitative and analytical research. It also means lots of collaboration with product owners and developers, and within the design team. And because we’re agile, we’re quick on our feet and know how to iterate. But most of all we are compassionate - we want to solve problems and solve them with integrity and a commitment to quality.

As a UX/UI designer, you’ll create scalable designs for customers around the world - from first time users to creative professionals. Achieving this goal requires collaboration with product teams and stakeholders throughout the organization — from conception to smooth roll-outs.

Responsibilities:

You will be a major advocate for the customer creating best in class ecommerce experiences. You will be responsible for improving existing processes and designing new processes to meet customer needs and drive business initiatives to realize Shutterstock’s vision of being the marketplace to empower the world’s storytellers.

Design and prototype scalable design solutions to help grow our global business
Passionate about translating complex business logic into simple creative solutions
Enjoys working closely with product managers, engineers, data scientists and customer happiness teams to inform design decisions that lead to high business impact
Gets excited by data and doesn’t scare you
Actively engaged in the end-to-end discovery and design process, from research and concept ideation to final high-fidelity visual designs
Requirements:

3+ years of experience with designing digital products
Experience building high-performance e-commerce sites
You are comfortable working in the Agile methodology
You are a good communicator and can defend your ideas effectively and professionally (ie., oral, written, and presentations)
You have good working knowledge of HTML/CSS, ability to prototype in code a big plus
You are a responsible adult. You estimate work, commit and deliver on deadlines and are vocal when risk arises
You enjoy working with a great group of designers, who genuinely care about design, and each other
About Shutterstock:

Shutterstock, a global technology company, has created the largest and most vibrant two-sided marketplace for creative professionals to license content - including images, videos, and music - as well as innovative tools that power the creative process.

The company has expanded its portfolio to include Bigstock, a value-oriented stock media agency; PremiumBeat, a curated royalty-free music library; Rex Features, a premier source of editorial images for the world's media; and Webdam, a cloud-based digital asset management platform for businesses, as well as Offset, a high-end image collection.

For more information, please visit www.shutterstock.com, follow Shutterstock on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.

Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V