
Splice is looking for an experienced product designer focused on UI/UX to join our team in New York while we build the creative hub for the modern musician. We believe in a world where all musicians have access to world class tools and content that help them achieve their creative potential. And we see an opportunity to realize that vision in a way that grows the pie in the music industry. The result? More and better musicians, more and better music, and an industry that works for everyone. Come join us. 

What You’ll Do:
Create world-class product experiences. Take concepts and distill them into simple, usable solutions. 

Own design discovery: Design and test product solutions while using data to inform and iterate on product concepts 

Conduct user research: Gain valuable insights into how our product is used and how our current projects are performing. 

Contribute to product strategy: Understand and contribute to the product strategy by distilling and presenting findings from your work. 

Collaborate with the team. Work with product designers to transition your wireframes and prototypes into production. Be an advocate for the user. 

Design smart: Understand and consider solutions that account for common visual and technical patterns. But don’t be afraid to think outside the box. 

User first solutions: Carefully consider the user when designing all experiences. 

Be autonomous and humble: Own and be accountable for your work. Provide, receive, and incorporate constructive feedback. 

What we’re looking for:
5+ years in a product design role: Experience building a digital product and understanding of the technical limitations that come with it. 

Deep user empathy: Constantly putting yourself in your user’s shoes. See things from their perspective and empathize with their pain points and struggles. 

Ability to synthesize: Being able to process countless interviews, research, insights and transform them into digestible documents. 

Design skills: Mastery of UX design and prototyping tools like Sketch, photoshop, animation design, wireframing, Invision, know how to use these tools fast and effectively 

Formulate Solutions: know how to transform abstract thoughts into actual usable and functional products. 

Understanding of music production: Basic understanding of how DAW and the computer based music works, ability to conduct interviews with producers and identify their pain points, deep knowledge of tools and their usage. 

Ability to define problems: Ability to identify pain points before solutions, able to not being caught-up in nice-to-have or sexy design ideas. Relentless focus on solving the real problems.