We are looking for an experienced designer to be the design owner and strategic partner with the technology and product teams on our key initiatives. Someone who is passionate about developing strategies based off of insights of real people, has the mastery of their craft to turn these insights into beautifully designed products (both interactions and visuals) and inspires the organization by showing/prototyping what is possible before it is built. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.

What you’ll do

Lead design projects across the entire product lifecycle and multiple product launches. You set the vision for the user experience and create the space for others to collaborate.

Let users lead the way. Our users inform where we are going. Our teams focus on listening to users, and letting their needs guide us to the best solutions. It’s important for us to know we are solving for real people and not just the loudest voice in the room.

Work with small multi-disciplinary teams. You’ll partner closely with engineering, product, and business folks to find elegant but practical solutions to design challenges. You’ll provide the thought leadership to develop the right product strategy. Together, you’ll solve problems and come up with solutions that delight our users.

Be autonomous. You’ll take full ownership your work, and you take responsibility for every last detail, every step of the way.

Rapidly produce multiple concepts and prototypes; knowing when to apply pixel-perfect attention to detail, and when to make low-fi sketches and prototypes.

Work from our office in New York

Who you are

You have 5+ years of related experience designing at consumer-focused tech or media companies; experience designing for mobile is a plus

You are an incredible designer with amazing design chops. You’ve shipped many consumer products over the years, and understand what it takes to create awesome, consumer-oriented experiences.

You get nervous if you’re not sketching concepts, tweaking flows or polishing the designs that represent the big-thinking work. Your head is in the clouds while your feet are on the ground.

You’re a great communicator. You have the communication skills to help set up frameworks and brainstorm initial design concepts. You also have the ability to mentor others to deliver work, and make strategy come to life.

You have a people-focused design mentality. Even though you have incredible chops, you are constantly looking to hone your design instinct through user feedback. Whether through hands-on user research, or by designing options for an A/B test.

You have an online portfolio, or PDF that you can share with us

You are able to provide a brief explanation in your application of why you are excellent for this role, while highlighting your portfolio

We’re looking for product designers to join us at multiple levels. We will have an open discussion throughout the interview process about assessing which level you fall within at Spotify.

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.