You will establish a shared vision, creating compelling stories and setting a world class creative direction. You will inspire the teams around you, leading by example and becoming  a mentor and role model for your fellow designers. You hold the highest craft principles, inspiring teams around you with outstanding design solutions.

You are passionate about developing design strategies, based off of insights of real people, you have the mastery of craft to turn these insights into beautifully designed products and inspires the organisation by showing/prototyping what is possible before it is built

What you’ll do

Lead design visions across the entire product lifecycle and multiple product launches. You set the vision for the user experience and create the space for others to collaborate. You create multiple ideas and use creative storytelling techniques to inspire teams around you.
Let users lead the way. Our users inform where we are going. Our teams focus on listening to users, and letting their needs guide us to the best solutions. It’s important for us to know we are solving for real people and not just the loudest voice in the room.
Work across multiple teams. You’ll partner closely with engineering, product, and business folks to find elegant but practical solutions to design challenges. You’ll provide the thought leadership to inspire and develop the right product strategy. Together, you’ll solve problems and come up with solutions that delight our users.
Be autonomous. You’ll take full ownership your work, and you take responsibility for every last detail, every step of the way.
Who you are:

You have at least 10 years of experience designing at consumer-focused tech or media companies
You are an incredible designer with amazing design chops. You’ve shipped many consumer products over the years, and understand what it takes to create awesome, consumer-oriented experiences.
You get nervous if you’re not sketching concepts, tweaking flows or polishing the designs that represent the big-thinking work. Your head is in the clouds while your feet are on the ground.
You’re a great communicator. You have the communication skills to help set up frameworks and brainstorm initial design concepts. You also have the ability to mentor others to deliver work, and make strategy come to life.
You have a people-focused design mentality. Even though you have incredible chops, you are constantly looking to hone your design instinct through user feedback. Whether through hands-on user research, or by designing options for an A/B test.
You have an online portfolio, or PDF that you can share with us
You are able to provide a brief explanation in your application of why you are excellent for this role, while highlighting your portfolio
We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better workplace for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.