JOIN YOUSICIAN

At Yousician, our job is to reimagine music education, so everyone can play. We’ve built an amazing team of creative, passionate, and independent people, all working together to help millions of musicians learn, play, reach their goals, and have fun. If this sounds like the right mission for you, you’re in the right place!

WHY YOU SHOULD APPLY

You will be responsible for ensuring that the user experience and the visual design, as well as the design thinking and process supports the product’s goal to help people learn to play music in a fun, engaging, and intuitive way.

As a UI/UX Designer, you’ll have a unique opportunity to profoundly impact the lives of hundreds of millions of future musicians worldwide and re-imagine the way music education works.

WHAT YOU'LL DO

Design simple, intuitive, and clear interfaces and UI elements, identify design problems, devise simple and elegant solutions, and deliver the necessary final assets.
Translate ideas into wireframes, mockups and user journeys that lead to intuitive and functional user experiences for a wide range of devices and platforms.
Take a user-centered and functional approach and rapidly test and iterate your designs.
Participate in planning sessions, product design sessions, and brainstorming sessions.
WHO YOU ARE

You have 2+ years of UX/UI design experience and designed released digital products. Preference will be given to candidates who have experience designing simple solutions for complex digital environments.
You can take a visual design concept and translate it into production-ready assets and user flows.
You have a solid grasp of user-centered design and testing methodologies, subsystems, and usability and accessibility concerns.
You can iterate your designs and solutions efficiently and intelligently.
You are comfortable presenting your ideas to stakeholders. You will be able to explain the reasoning behind your thinking and absorb and respond to feedback constructively.
You are passionate about all things UX and other areas of design and innovation. Research and showcase knowledge in the industry’s latest trends and technologies.
WHAT WE OFFER

You'll have a meaningful and profound impact on the lives of millions of musicians and future musicians all around the world.
You'll get a competitive compensation package - salary, stock options, crazy perks - and work in an awesome new office in the heart of Helsinki.
We have lots of perks and quirks: daily push-up sessions, bonus for sport activities, jam sessions (with more instruments than you can shake a drumstick at!), board game tournaments and sauna evenings, and our famous Greece, Thailand and Tenerife work-retreats.
HOW TO APPLY

Send us your application and CV (in English). Let's make the world a more musical place together! Everyone who comes to a personal interview at our office gets an ukulele. #rockon
ABOUT YOUSICIAN

Yousician is the largest and fastest growing music education company in the world, with millions of users worldwide. Based in Helsinki, Finland, Yousician develops high-tech interactive software for learning guitar, piano, bass, and ukulele. Yousician provides real-time feedback on how you’re playing, combining the addictive features of computer games with songs and exercises to make the learning process easy, fun and motivating.Yousician also develops the world's #1 guitar tuner app Guitar Tuna (iOS, Android, WP) and has won numerous international business awards including WIRED’s hottest Finnish start-up, SXSW, Midem, Launch.edu, and educational awards such as Sunday Times 'World's best apps' and Best European Learning Game. We're hiring, so come join an amazing team and help us make the world a more musical place!	