Google engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. As a member of an extraordinarily creative, motivated and talented team, you develop new products that are used by millions of people. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to tackle new problems as we continue to push technology forward. If you get excited about building new things and aren't daunted by the challenge of building something from scratch, then our team might be your next career step.

Our team has an ambitious vision: to build applications that enable people to seamlessly collaborate and accomplish complex tasks together. We’re on a mission to build apps that will be a refreshing change from the usual bland enterprise products and tools that companies so readily accept.

As a UX Engineer, you live on the front end of our products and the features used by millions of people every day. The work is challenging, fast paced, and always changing. You have strong analytical skills, an unwavering commitment to quality, a collaborative work ethic, and cutting edge coding skills. You should live and breathe the fundamentals of JavaScript (not just jQuery), CSS, and HTML, and command an impressive portfolio of web technologies new and old - all in order to launch innovative features to a global audience.

One of the many reasons Google consistently brings innovative, world-changing products to market is because of the collaborative work we do in Product Management. With eyes focused squarely on the future, our team works closely with creative and prolific engineers to help design and develop technologies that improve access to the world's information. We're responsible for guiding products throughout the execution cycle, focusing specifically on analyzing, positioning, packaging, promoting and tailoring our solutions to all the markets where Google does business.

Responsibilities
Work closely with UX designers, project managers and back-end engineers to implement versatile front-end solutions to tricky web development problems.
Embrace emerging standards while promoting best practices in order to push the limits of what a browser can do.
Manage your own time, and work well both independently and as part of a team.
Launch, iterate and make a difference. Provide front-end coding expertise, and be ready to make our products better for our users.
Design and develop the front ends of user facing products.
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:
BA/BS degree in Computer Science, HCI, Design, or equivalent practical experience.
4 years of relevant work experience in software development.
Experience with web technologies (object-oriented JavaScript, HTML, CSS), and experience with the latest web standards including HTML5 and CSS3.
Experience designing and implementing complex UIs.

Preferred qualifications:
Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (such as Backbone, Angular, or Ember) and CSS pre-processing frameworks (such as Sass or Less).
Experience with a scripting language, such as Python, Ruby, etc.
Experience with and a passion for user-interface design.
Strong sense of web design and attuned to the fundamentals of user experience, including accessibility.
Ability to communicate to all levels of users (internal and external), strong problem-solving skills, adaptable, proactive and willing to take ownership.