Design and user experience (UX) are at the forefront of everything we do. The job of an Interaction Designer is to envision how people experience our products and bring that vision to life in a way that feels inspired, refined and even magical. In an Interaction Designer role, you’ll take on complex tasks and transform them into intuitive, accessible and easy-to-use designs for billions of people around the world—ranging from novice to sophisticated users. Achieving this goal requires that you collaborate closely with teams of Designers, Researchers, Engineers and Product Managers throughout the design process—from crafting user flows and wireframes to building user interface mockups and prototypes. At each stage, you will anticipate what our users need, advocate for them and ensure that the final product surprises and delights them.

We follow a simple but vital premise on UX teams: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." We're passionate about our users and aspire to learn everything we can about their behaviors, attitudes and emotions to help define the products and experiences we create. The UX team plays an integral part in gathering these insights and then using them to inspire and inform design. We are a multi-disciplinary team of interaction designers, visual designers, motion designers, user researchers, content strategists and UX engineers who collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create innovative, usable, great-looking products that people love to use.

Responsibilities
Help to define the user model and user interface for new and existing Google products and features.
Develop high level and/or detailed storyboards, mockups, and prototypes to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas.
Gauge the usability of new and existing products and making constructive suggestions for change.
Qualifications

Minimum qualifications:
BA/BS degree in Design (e.g. interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), HCI, CS, or a related field or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of experience in a related field.

Preferred qualifications:
MA/MS degree in Design, HCI, CS, or a related field.
Demonstrated experience in crafting usable digital interfaces.
Experience working with web or mobile based technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Android Studio, XCode, etc.
Visual design sensibilities as they relate to applying a brand to digital experiences.
Excellent leadership, communication and collaboration skills.