We are seeking an Interaction Designer to join our Tokyo Studio. We are looking for an individual working at the intersection of technology and design, with experience in executing and working with teams from concept ideation all the way to prototyping and front-end development.

IDEO Tokyo’s mission is to help Japan renew and reframe its creative and economic leadership position in the world by being a catalyst for change. As part of a small studio that is still starting-up and growing, this person must demonstrate a collaborative working style, great communication skills, and the ability to thrive in a non-rules based environment of innovation.

We are looking for folks with both breadth and key areas of focused expertise: if you think of yourself as a creative coder, have a strong portfolio and a passion for designing and developing beautiful, unique and thoughtful digital user experiences, we should talk.

Strong English verbal and written skills are required. Japanese language skills a plus.

 

We’re looking for a person with:

Strong portfolio and elevated sense of design: You can distinguish between “good” and “great” work. You have professional experience in user interface design, time-based media, strong information visualization skills, and prototyping skills.
User centered perspective: You understand and can articulate a human-centered approach to design and be comfortable going out into the world for inspiration.
Prototyping skills: You are ready to try and introduce new tools to the community, learn from failure, embrace an iterative process and you understand that success come sooner with trial and error. You have experience in creating both low and high fidelity design deliverables. Your first inclination is always to build a prototype.
Coding skills: Enjoy coding/implementing detailed front-end experiences - mobile, web, and beyond - from quick prototypes to full experience simulations.  Ability and interest in creating beautiful, nuanced browser animations via CSS keyframes and/or other JS libraries. You have deep knowledge of front end web markup and scripting, including HTML5/CSS3 and Javascript. Building iOS or Android apps a plus.
Team skills: You work best in a participatory, team-based environment. You support and inspire teams through collaboration as well as direction, vision, and planning of all aspects of interaction design deliverables.
Communication skills: You have strong verbal and visual presentation skills. You demonstrate a clear “point‐of‐view” relating to their design. You understand the value of design and brand within a business context.
Consulting chops: You should feel comfortable throughout all phases of a project, from translating verbal ideas into visual concepts, through design development and refinement, to creating production-ready artwork.
Openness: Designers need to be flexible and open-minded, especially working in a start-up office. Successful candidates are optimistic, generative, and open the new ideas and ways of working.
 

Minimum Requirements and Qualifications

Strong English verbal and written skills. Japanese language skills a plus
3+ years of experience designing and developing digital products
Deep knowledge of front end web markup and scripting, including HTML5/CSS3 and Javascript. Building iOS or Android apps a plus
Comfortable and fast with design/development tools (whether it’s Framer.js or Invision or Origami or analogous), design tools (Sketch or the Adobe suite) and can prototype animations (After Effects or analogous). Ability to prototype in hardware (Arduino, Particle, etc) a plus
Self-directed toward excellent work outcomes, comfort level in ambiguous, non-rules based environments
Excellent discretion, demonstrating sound judgment in dealing with confidential dialogues and information
Ability to travel occasionally
 

IDEO values people who are optimistic, collaborative, who take ownership, embrace ambiguity, talk less do more, can learn from failure, and have the want to make others successful.

If you have a fresh perspective on your area of focus, identify with our values and would love to contribute to our studio – we would love to see your CV or portfolio.

For extra credit, send us a sample* of something that’s good, and send us a sample of something that’s great. *Not something you created, and no explanation needed.