Job description
At Doppler Labs we make computing more immersive and human through sound. Our mobile apps are a critical part of this; together with our hardware products, they enable our users to communicate more effectively, focus enjoyable experiences and reduce distractions in their environment. As a lead UI / UX designer, you’ll own the design of iOS and Android apps from end-to-end, working closely with our Engineering and Product teams to build simple, delightful and intuitive experiences for an exiting new category. You’ll also have the opportunity to collaborate on the user experience of our hardware products, in conjunction with our Industrial Design and Product teams.
You Will
Design the UI and UX of Doppler Labs Android and iOS mobile apps from end to end through concept development, prototyping, testing, validation, implementation, launch and further iteration
Collaborate closely with our design and product teams to hone the visual aesthetic of our software products
Play a key role in defining how users experience and interact with our products
Drive usability testing of concepts, together with our user researchers, to unearth actionable insights
Shape the direction of future mobile experiences at Doppler Labs
You Have
Minimum 5 years working experience
Excellent visual standards and obsessive attention to detail
A track record of designing successful & delighting consumer applications across iOS, Android and Web applications. Ideally with apps currently in the App Store and/or Google Play store.
BFA, BA or BS degree in design or a related discipline.
Highly Skilled with Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch and similar tools.
Comfortable prototyping ideas using e.g. using HTML / CSS / JS / InVision / After Effects, etc.
Experience conducting design reviews and presenting design process and logic cross functionally.
Ability to communicate, and work directly with engineers
Passion for solving hard problems in unchartered territory
Nice To Have
Ability to distill complex processes into simple, clear, user interactions
High organization and efficiency working with multiple projects to meet tight deadlines
Strong leadership when collaborating with design, engineering, product and marketing
Experience leading usability testing
Interest in audio/music
Doppler Labs was founded in 2013 with the mission to create wearable tech that makes computing more immersive and human. In the near-term we are focused on Here One - the first all-in-one, truly wireless listening system that provides a transformative audio experience while focusing on technological innovation, cultural nuance and ineffable design. Doppler is a diverse team of creative thinkers, engineers, designers and business leaders dedicated to enhancing all aspects of the listening experience. For more information, please visit hereplus.me.