
--------------- 
Design at Bizly 
--------------- 

We take great design very seriously at Bizly. It is one of our highest priorities for our users to have a seamless, positive experience when engaging with our company, team, and suite of products. Our brand stands for trust & quality and we strive to have that come through our design. Our growing team is looking for a strong designer who is excited about creating thoughtful interfaces while simultaneously weighing business objectives, so our users can have the best experience possible. You’ll be an integral part of shaping our brand and products for our users. 

---------------------------- 
You feel comfortable… 
---------------------------- 

…creating workflows that are clean, engaging, functional and polished experiences
…contributing and bringing strategic design thinking to all areas of our business, whether you are designing marketing material, implementing user feedback, prototyping on the latest mockups or brainstorming on a new product
…testing users, receiving and proactively implementing new information to existing products
…giving and receiving feedback. You can handle feedback on your ideas and work with the understanding of the greater common goal
…working closely & collaborating with team members as well as being able to work independently
…helping to establish and implement design guidelines, standards and best practices
------------------------- 
We're looking for… 
------------------------- 

… a communicator. You can proactively, comfortably and effectively discuss your opinions, articulate ideas and design challenges with members of a team.
… passion. For putting the work & time in where necessary to make a great product for our users
… a design nerd. With an eye for every pixel & detail and who loves what they do on a day-to-day basis.
… a beautiful portfolio that showcases a variety of different creative challenges and an understanding of strong user experience.
… four or more years of design experience. Startup experience is great. You should be comfortable working closely with engineers
… all the skills. Professional knowledge and ease of use with design programs: Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator, Invision, Flinto (or prototyping apps). Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JS are a bonus.
----------- 
About Bizly 
----------- 

Bizly is on a mission to help companies maximize the ROI of their smaller meetings and events under 100 guests. Bizly enables entire teams to search great content on thousands of hospitality venues and use our innovative technology to book custom events in minutes, all while staying within corporate policies and oversight. We're venture-backed and growing quickly. We are on a path to transform the hospitality and meetings & events industry and we need your help! 

We have amazing people. You will work with some of the smartest, coolest, and most drive people in the industry, working together to solve every challenge. We work hard and have fun.
We value personal development. We are a high-performance organization that is always challenging ourselves to continuously grow. That means we maintain a growth mindset in everything we do and invest deeply in employee development. You’ll need to be great to get hired here and we promise you’ll get even better.
We invest in your future. We cultivate long-term growth and provide employees reimbursement for relevant conferences, training, and education.
We want you to love where you work. We have a great office space located in the heart of Manhattan. We’re also remote-friendly and use a variety of tools to enable great communication.
Great work deserves great perks! 

Comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage
Access to Bizly spaces for creative events
Company-funded travel to conferences & professional development events
Fun work environment and company culture with an upbeat, first-class team
Regular in-office social events, including happy hours, and more
Unlimited vacation policy
Bizly is a growing team working to build a platform on the power of human connection. We embrace and celebrate the diversity of our client and venue base and strive for the same in our employees. At Bizly, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.