Product Designer
at Curalate (View all jobs)
New York, NY
As a Product Designer at Curalate, you'll join a close-knit team of engineers, product managers, researchers and support peeps to build the future of visual commerce.  

Responsibilities:

Product Designers   embody the vision of the user through the interface. You’ll solve problems based on user research, while bearing business objectives in mind. You’ll identify, investigate, and validate opportunities and ultimately craft, design, test and ship design solutions.

We're not religious about process methodologies; we believe in using iterative processes that work for the moment, and holding retrospectives to improve how we work over time.

About You:

You're obsessed with design flows and experiences that are incredibly simple and smart
You bring out the best in your team and people enjoy working with you
You’re fascinated with how people engage with software both in their personal lives and at work
You enjoy partnering with PMs, engineers, researchers and content strategists to oversee the user experience of a product from conception until launch
You seamlessly take broad, conceptual ideas and turn them into something useful and valuable
You give and solicit feedback from other designers in order to continually raise our bar for quality
You understand the value of building and maintaining a living style guide
You're hyper-organized, practical, and love finding new ways to do things faster and better
You illustrate clear user stories and test your product like a champ
You stay up to date on current themes, trends, and technologies in user experience design
Qualifications:

2+ years of experience in product design, UX consultancy, or a related field
Advanced knowledge of HTML/CSS (Bonus: JS, CMS experience)
Proficiency with Sketch, Adobe CS, Invision, etc. (You decide how to communicate your ideas - The tools shouldn’t handcuff you)
Proven track record in the creation of interaction models, screen designs, and UI details that promote ease of use and optimize the user experience
Experience designing native mobile (iOS or Android) platforms
About Us:

Curalate is a leading marketing technology company that enables brands to sell online more effectively. The Curalate Discovery-Driven Commerce Platform is currently in use by over 800 of the world’s most loved brands including Urban Outfitters, Neiman Marcus, Sephora and J.Crew, and touches hundreds of millions of consumers, monthly. With Curalate, brands grow engagement and revenue, at scale, utilizing images and videos from a wide variety of sources, including User Generated Content (UGC). Curalate was launched in 2012, is an official marketing partner of Pinterest, Facebook, and Instagram and has offices in Philadelphia, New York City, Seattle and London.