Design and user experience (UX) are at the forefront of everything we do. The job of an Interaction Designer is to envision how people experience our products and bring that vision to life in a way that feels inspired, refined and even magical. In an Interaction Designer role, you’ll tackle complex tasks and transform them into intuitive, accessible and easy-to-use designs for billions of people around the world—from the first-time user to the sophisticated expert. Achieving this goal requires collaboration with teams of Designers, Researchers, Engineers and Product Managers throughout the design process—from creating user flows and wireframes to building user interface mockups and prototypes. At each stage, you will anticipate what our users need, advocate for them and ensure that the final product surprises and delights them.

Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.

Responsibilities
Help to define the user model and user interface for new and existing Google products and features.
Develop high level and/or detailed storyboards, mockups, and prototypes to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas.
Gauge the usability of new and existing products, and making constructive suggestions for change.
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:
BA/BS degree in Design (e.g. interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), HCI, CS, or a related field or equivalent practical experience.

Preferred qualifications:
MA/MS degree in Design (e.g. interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), HCI, CS, or a related field.
Demonstrated experience in designing usable interfaces for popular web-based products
Expert HTML skills.
Knowledge of JavaScript for rapid prototyping purposes.
Strong, clean visual design sense.
Excellent leadership, communication and teamwork skills.