In a nutshell:
IDEO Shanghai is in search of an Experience Specialist who will work closely with the Experience Lead in a variety of office operation and project related tasks with the purpose to make both the clients and employees’ experience delightful.

Why is this role important for IDEO’s work?
This Experience Specialist makes the biggest impact by being extremely organized, considerate and flexible. They are critical to our business, because they help the team be their best selves, and put their best foot forward.  They are the foot on the gas pedal that keeps our business moving forward.  We count on them to help the team stay on top of things, show up confidently, be ready to take on any conversation, and take part in maintaining client relationships.

Once here you will:
Be in charge of reception duties including sending and receiving express delivery, taking incoming calls, handling cash payment etc.;
Serve as concierge to receive and greet visitors and clients;
Maintain, organize and purchase office supplies;
Work closely with rest of support team to provide sufficient and timely support to project teams including travel arrangement, material purchasing and workshop set-up etc.;
Assist in office experience activities and projects.
What does IDEO offer you? 
IDEO is a place unlike any other. It’s a place where you can solve diverse, complex challenges for our clients or the organization, alongside thoughtful, intelligent individuals who lead with curiosity, empathy, and optimism. Sure we work hard, but we also intentionally craft moments that allow our community to pause, create, and connect. We encourage our community to bring their whole selves to work, respect the need for work-life balance, and allow for autonomy in the design process and your career. 

As an Experience Coordinator in IDEO Shanghai, we provide the opportunity for you to:

Be exposed to all aspects of administrative and operational work of a Creative studio;
Gain the knowledge and soft skills needed to become a well-rounded professional who is able to provide world-class experience to internal & external clients;
Work in a dynamic, creative, playful, inspiring environment that IDEO uniquely provides.
Relevant experience and mindset:
We are looking for someone who thrives on creating order out of chaos, getting things organized and helping others. Most likely you would have:

2-4 years of administrative support experience;
Fluency in Chinese and English (written & spoken);
Impeccable attention to details with great sense of ownership;
Helpful and empathetic, able to think and react on others’ feet;
Calmness and resilience, comfortable with handling tasks and meeting deadlines in a fast-paced environment;
Interest in working in a creative environment.