Loblaw Digital is the team building and operating the digital businesses for Canada's largest and most successful retailer. We create leading responsive e-commerce experiences, including Loblaws Click & Collect, an innovative online grocery shopping experience. We've also built and now operate the award-winning JoeFresh.com, along with the iPad/iPhone app. We are based in downtown Toronto and operate like a startup with the resources of a much larger company. We are an entrepreneurial, fast-paced, collaborative, and fun team working towards transforming the way Canadians shop.
Why is this role important?
Come join a team of designers passionate about delivering beautiful and innovative digital solutions to millions of Canadians.
As a Digital Product Designer, you’ll be involved in the full product design process. We all come in with specific strengths, and we work closely as a product design team to support each other with our different core skills across the full arc of any project.
Starting with generative research, you’ll own the user experience of specific product capabilities (i.e.: search, cart, acquisition, etc) through prototyping, iterative refinement, product launch, and continuous in-market optimization. You’ll rely on your full range of skills, including UX-, interaction-, and visual-design in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
This position is full-time, and is based in downtown Toronto.
What you love to do:
Research user needs and business opportunities to identify target audience segments and key use cases.
Design simple and elegant user flows. Translate these core flows into IA, wires, and creative concepts.
Explore conceptual ideas and produce lo-fi prototypes for early validation. Apply those learnings to iterative feature and product revisions.
Create any required handoff assets, and collaborate with front-end devs to implement and refine your designs. Build trust with the larger team and educate our partners on using design- and product-thinking to ship amazing experiences.
Engage with and support the design team in an atmosphere of open collaboration and feedback.
What You'll Need:
Design is predominantly communication, at a variety of scales. You’ll need excellent verbal and visual communication skills (including the ability to articulate and justify your design decisions).
You can think beyond aesthetics and form. You use design as a tool to uncover what questions to ask, what solutions to explore, and how to define and measure success.
Prior experience in building and shipping applications or software. Bonus: experience with front-end programming.
A portfolio of interaction (UX/UI) design work, and a thorough understanding of contemporary best-practices.
Mastery of the Adobe suite, and familiarity with the world of related design-oriented products and services (Sketch/Zeplin.io, InVision, Keynote, etc).
Loblaw Colleague Perks:
 
10% Colleague Discount Program on eligible products sold at Loblaw stores.
 Ongoing career development through in-house training programs, tuition assistance and support for professional designations.
 Sharing in the growth of Loblaw with our Employee Share Ownership Plan.
 Corporate rate fitness club memberships for colleagues as well as eligible family members.
Helping you help others with our Volunteer Grant Program.
#LI-LD2
How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections.  
If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today.