
Monaeo, a NYC-based tech startup, is looking for a full-time Product/UX Designer with 4-7 years of experience to join our company’s design team in creating sleek, intuitive experiences for both enterprise and consumer users. 

About Us We’re well-funded team of about a dozen “Monaeons” operating out of a beautiful WeWork office in midtown Manhattan. We use the power of data to help high net-worth individuals and enterprises analyze and keep records of their travel activity. For enterprises in particular, having thousands of business travelers all over the planet can create massive financial, immigration and security liabilities. We help create peace of mind for these companies, potentially saving them millions. 

Our vision for the Monaeo experience? Think IBM Watson meets Mint and Uber. Through sophisticated interactive maps and information visualization, we’re creating an experience that is both comprehensive and beautiful. 

Your Role The Senior Product/UX Designer will work with the creative director, design team and engineering team on web platforms, mobile and desktop apps, driving a process to solve customer problems through: – 

User Research – 
Info Architecture – 
Concept Explorations + Testing – 
UX Wireframing + Prototyping – 
Usability Studies 

Position Requirements An ideal candidate has rock-solid fundamentals (ideally, a computer science degree), and several years of professional experience with multiple technology stacks. Although experience with our specific technology stack is nice to have, we are more focused on candidates who have a demonstrated track record of working with complex systems at scale. 

About Monaeo – Bachelor or master’s degree in design, HCI or similar discipline – 
Extensive previous work in tech and/or tech startups – 
Experience driving a design process from problem identification to shipped solution – 
Experience with large-scale web-based applications involving complex information hierarchies and multi-part workflows – 
Proficient in all the usual programs (Adobe CS, Sketch, InVision) – 
A good eye for clean layouts and typography – 
Front-end coding skills a plus – 
Skill in information design a plus – 
Able to work independently as well as collaboratively – 
Must be authorized to work in U.S. 

Compensation + Benefits – Competitive salary based on skills + experience – 
Share of equity – 
Full health, dental, and vision insurance – 
3 weeks vacation – 
Unlimited free snacks + beer – 
Beautiful, bright office with a huge patio + garden – 
Multiple lounge spaces to work in – 
Invites to tech-industry events + mixers 

How To Apply Please write to careers@monaeo.com and put “Senior Product/UX Designer” in the subject line. Include your resume, portfolio URL/PDF, your availability, and why you’re interested in Monaeo and this particular position. 