The central Design & Research team is made of Interaction, Visual, Industrial Designers and User Researchers, and we collaborate across the portfolio of projects within X. As an Interaction Designer, you will envision how people experience our moonshots and bring that vision to life in a way that feels inspired, refined and even magical. You may be involved in all aspects of design, depending on the project – from early blue sky explorations through concept development and detailed product design. Current X projects include early-stage robotics, aviation platforms, and a range of still-secret innovations.

Design at X requires significant creativity and flexibility from designers. Your day may involve designing interfaces, mapping out user journeys, creating visual assets, brainstorming in a large group or prototyping interactions. You will have a chance to influence a variety of digital and physical products. You have a strong interest in technology and have worked alongside engineers and product managers.

X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world-changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x].

Responsibilities
Envision how people will interact with a wide variety of breakthrough technologies
Design world-class product experiences that blend the digital and the physical
Work alongside a central team of researchers/other designers and collaborate with multiple project teams comprised of scientists, engineers and product managers
Use findings from research to enhance usability, delight and meaning
Operate with a high degree of autonomy when necessary, balancing multiple needs
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:
BA/BS degree in human-computer interaction, design or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
5 years of working as a professional user experience designer.
Experience working across several phases of product development
Experience designing across multiple types of devices, products, or services that combine hardware and software

Preferred qualifications:
Experience designing services and intangible systems
Experience with consumer electronics and/or advanced technology
Ability to propose, prioritize and advocate for functionality; Understanding of basic user research methodology
Ability to inform and persuade multi-disciplinary audiences
Fantastic interaction and/or visual design skills
Excellent communication and collaboration skills